Allow using both of Hibernate Reactive's CDI-injected `Session` and `StatelessSession` in the same transaction when using `@Transactional` (#53509)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/hibernate-reactive.adoc

In the future, we'll deprecate the previous annotations provided by Panache and and support only `@Transactional`.

You can inject either `Mutiny.Session` or `Mutiny.StatelessSession`.

> Mixing both session types in the same transaction should work, but should be reserved for exotic use cases implemented by advanced users, as the resulting behavior can be subtle.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me but not having any detail makes it hard for me to decide if it's a good idea or not. Could we expand on the subtleties a bit?

I'm not asking for a master thesis but an example would help IMHO.

Author: ```suggestion
Mixing both session types in the same transaction should work, but should be reserved for exotic use cases implemented by advanced users, as the (stateful) session will not be aware of changes operated through the stateless session, which could thus conflict or be silently erased by (stateful) session writes.
```

Would that work?

Author: Essentially you really should not read/write to the same entity instances from both sessions, or you'll be in for a few surprises.

Reviewer: Yes, works for me!
